hey everyone I wanted to do a haul video
today because I stopped at a local
fabric store I actually stopped for like
one spool of thread but I ended up
buying several different things and so I
just thought I'd do a video because I
haven't done a haul in a while and so I
wanted to share what I bought so first
off like I said I went for thread I
actually just went for the red thread
and it was three for a dollar so of
course I had to get three so then while
I was there I noticed that they had a
coordinating print too one that I
already bought in the past I bought this
fabric it is super cute it has like
retro cars and buildings and some
animals and stuff and I really liked it
and I showed it in my video where I
talked about salvages because it has a
great selvage on it with lots of
information such as the maker and all
the colors that are in it and stuff if
you want to know more about self would
just check that out um but today they
had this version I'm so excited
because these are all of my favorite
colors like every favorite color of mine
is in this fabric and it is an adorable
print as well so oh my gosh I couldn't
pass it up I bought half a yard I should
have bought more I already know I should
have bought more it was for 94 yard I
believe and so about half a yard which
was like not quite 250 and to go with
that I decided that I needed to get some
coordinating solids because I don't have
a whole lot of solids so I thought this
would be a perfect time to pick them out
since like I said it's my favorite
colors so I'll be buying solids that are
colors I really like so I originally
picked out this purple that goes really
well and then I picked out this kind of
a seafoam aqua turquoise color that also
matches really well unfortunately though
this one had some color damage like on
the fold lines it had
the color had messed up and I'm the guy
at the store was like I don't know why
that happened so he knocked the price
down 50% off on this one so I only got a
half a yard so it was 50 cents because
all the solids are Unseld for $2 yard
and then he gave me half of that so I
got half yard actually it's like three
quarters of yard for 50 cents of this
one I got the full yard of this one for
$2 and then since I didn't get to get as
much of the kind of tealy color as I
wanted I went back and found a
coordinating just a regular blue color
and I got I think a half yard of that
one as well so some great colors my
absolute new favorite fabric in the
world and then I still have some more
this way so I am super excited about
that I can't wait to make some I was
making my boxy bottom bags with them if
you haven't seen my boxy bags you should
definitely check them out I'll link
below to where I have the tutorial
available in my Etsy store but what I
was doing was I was putting a solid
fabric along the bottom of the bag and
then a coordinating print on the upper
portion of the bag and I just thought it
gave a really cool like color-blocked
look and it just looked really nice and
just extra special instead of a just a
solid fabric for the whole thing so I'll
probably make a few more like that out
of that fabric and then I'm not sure
what I'll do with the rest but whatever
I do it'll be adorable so and then my
biggest thing I got was two yards of
this really awesome black denim this
fabric is like super amazing quality
it's got just a bit of stretch to it
which is perfect I'm just so excited
about it it was on these like huge bolts
and so the guy actually had to like come
over to the bolt and cut it off of it
instead of me being able to take it to
the cutting table and what I planned for
it let's hope it works is to make
this pair of pants I bought this pattern
a couple years ago when my jo-ann's
fabric moved and so they had all of
their patterns were four for a dollar
and you could buy up to twenty so of
course I bought twenty and this is one
of them but they had like limited sizes
on them and I'm like a size like 14 in
patterns because pattern sizes are
different than actual sizes so I had to
buy six eight ten twelve so let's hope
it works my battery lights blinking so I
will go now
anyway that's the plan if I end up
making them I will definitely show it
I'm gonna make a mock-up first to make
sure it fits and yeah so that's my haul
I will see her later